I don't know what else to say.
That works out good because I'm not listening.
I feel terrible, I really do.
Oh, I'm sorry. Did my back hurt your knife?
Rachel!
Say that I'm friends with her. We spend some
time together. Is that so terrible?
Yes.
It's that terrible?!
Yes, Monica! You don't get it. It's bad enough
she stole the guy who might actually be the
person that I'm supposed to be with. But now...
she's actually... But now she's actually stealing
you!
Me? What are you talking about? Nobody could
steal me from you. I mean just beacause I'm
friends with her doesn't make me any less
friends with you. Honey. I mean, you're my...
And we're... Oh, I love you!
I love you too!
You guys, um, I know that this really doesn't
have anything to do with me. But, um, I love
you guys too! Ugh, I really needed that.
Look, I know that you're in a place right
now where you really need to hate Julie's
guts. But, she didn't do anything wrong. She's
just a girl who met a guy and now they go
out. I really think if you gave her a chance,
you'd like her. Will you just give that a
chance? For me?
I'd do anything for you, you know that.
I'd do anything for you!
Wait, wait, wait, wait!